Add information on how to teardown production apps. (#158)
DefangLabs/defang-docs: docs/tutorials/updating-your-services.md

If you are running in `production` mode, the update will be done with zero downtime. Your current version of the service will keep running and handling traffic while the new version is being built and deployed. Only after the new version passes the health checks and accepts traffic will the older version be stopped.

> To delete a production app, use `defang compose down`. In some cases, particularly on the AWS platform, additional actions to be required. Specifically load balancers may have Detetion Protection on. To turn this off in the AWS Console for EC2 Load Balancers, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deleting your Application

To delete your app, use `defang compose down` in your compose file working directory, or use the `--project-name` flag.

In some cases, particularly on the AWS platform, additional actions may be required. Specifically load balancers may have Deletion Protection on. To turn this off in the AWS Console for EC2 Load Balancers, follow these steps:
```

> 	1.	Select the load balancer corresponding to the app’s name.

Reviewer: Do we have any tips on how to identify this load balancer?

Author: The naming will be similar to the cluster name
